chore(docs): typed credential system (#2811)
open-component-model/open-component-model: website/content/docs/concepts/credential-system.md

- **Consumer** — a service that requires authentication (e.g., an OCI registry)
- **Consumer Identity** — a set of key-value attributes that uniquely describe a consumer (type + attributes like `hostname`, `path`)
- **Credentials** — typed objects used to authenticate; stored natively in the credential graph
- **Credential Type** — defines how credentials are structured (e.g., `OCICredentials/v1` for OCI username/password/token, `DirectCredentials/v1` for a generic property map)

> - **`DirectCredentials/v1`** — the universal legacy fallback (also accepted as `Credentials/v1`); stores credentials as an untyped `properties:` map; all existing configs remain valid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`DirectCredentials/v1`** — the universal legacy fallback (also accepted as `Credentials/v1`); stores credentials as an untyped `properties:` map; all configs from previous versions remain valid
```

- **Repository** — a fallback credential source checked only when no consumer entry matches (e.g., `DockerConfig/v1`)

## How Resolution Works

When an OCM operation needs credentials, the system follows a three-path precedence:

1. **Direct** — the consumer entry holds credentials inline (either a typed credential like `OCICredentials/v1` or a legacy `DirectCredentials/v1`). These are stored as leaf nodes in the credential graph and returned immediately on match.

> 2. **Indirect** — the credential entry refers to a plugin-backed source (e.g., `HashiCorpVault/v1alpha1`). At ingestion time the graph creates a DAG edge; at resolution time the plugin is called to fetch the actual credential. Chains of arbitrary depth are supported — credentials for one service can come from Vault, whose own credentials come from a direct entry.

Reviewer 2: nit: Vault is not supported yet, so I am not sure whether it is a good example

Author: It's stated that this is hyperthetical right? We have nothing supported yet 😅 or do we?

Reviewer 3: I think we should probably drop it, theres hopefully better examples X)

Author: I can drop it for sure. What do you mean by better examples? This is I think the tests case we test inbrünstig graph, that's why I added it here.

Reviewer 3: I think the indirect resolution only becomes relevant if we actually have a case for it, so im wondering if it should be documented right now

Author: Makes sense. I will leave that out and bring it back in once my community AWS secret manager is in :)

Author: But also. How can we ever expect credential plugins when it's not documented? 😬

Author: I will keep this

        direction TB
        docker["DockerConfig/v1<br>~/.docker/config.json"]
    end
```

{{< callout context="note" >}}
To see resolution in action, try the [Understand Credential Resolution]({{< relref "/docs/tutorials/credential-resolution.md" >}}) tutorial.
{{< /callout >}}

## Typed vs. Legacy Credentials

OCM supports both **typed** credential types and the legacy **`DirectCredentials/v1`** fallback.

**Typed credential types** (e.g., `OCICredentials/v1`, `HelmHTTPCredentials/v1`, `RSACredentials/v1`) use flat, named fields and are validated at configuration parse time:

```yaml
credentials:
  - type: OCICredentials/v1
    username: my-user
    password: my-password
```

> **`DirectCredentials/v1`** (also accepted as `Credentials/v1`) stores credentials as an untyped `properties:` map. All existing `.ocmconfig` files using `Credentials/v1` continue to work unchanged — `Credentials/v1` is an alias for `DirectCredentials/v1`:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**`DirectCredentials/v1`** stores credentials as an untyped `properties:` map. All existing `.ocmconfig` files using `Credentials/v1` continue to work unchanged — `Credentials/v1` is an alias for `DirectCredentials/v1`:
```

Reviewer 4: or skip the `Credentials/v1 is an alias for DirectCredentials/v1 part at the end, but don't keep both
